issue
'all_simple_paths' allows the same node in both 'source' and 'target'-parameter#TITLE_END#> A simple path is a path with no repeated nodes.  Certainly an insignificant issue. But perhaps this kind of application should be forbidden. Especially for the cases where you attempt to find Eulerian circuits, assuming the paths are expressed as edges, via:  ``` nx.all_simple_paths( graph, 0, 0 ) ``` 
comment
> So 'hard to install' isn't such a valid complaint anymore.  I do not agree with you, @hagberg   A. Compiling process for some users on systems like Mac OS X may be difficult in case of NumPy. Because the preconfigured compilation scripts are not always available.   B. Proprietary scientific packages are never a solution since they often imply less permissive licensing patterns.  C. Installing both numpy or scipy, or both, together with a compilation like Canopy takes space. Many users work out of freshly instantiated virtualenv environments that they prefer to keep as compact as possible. I personally integrate different versions networkx into web frameworks.  Now, my personal opinion of NumPy is very negative.   Yet, there isn't a more adopted and supported framework for what you are doing in terms of linear algebra. NumPy has an extremely messy API, due to the compromise attempt to mimic the already messy MATLAB language. The way NumPy uses Python syntax and magic methods is really perverse, and should not in any way be integrated into core API of networkx, which has always been an example of thorough and clean API due to the tendency towards pure-python solutions.  Here's a thought experiment. Assume that networkx has become universally recognized network modelling package in the python environment. What would you do to allow developers from other projects to create "interfaces" to networkx? Would you allow them to integrate their code directly into networkx Graph and Node or algorithms? Or would you give them a separate namespace like networkx.contrib.numpy?   So, I think that creating several "bridge" packages that enhance networkx functionality, or return results converted to another package's datatypes, is a better solution. If I am right, and NumPy loses support, you won't have to bulk delete code. You could just stop developing an external package.  
